SPCTR-3226: Fix - Global - Post related blocks have mobile and tablet styling issues. (#3445)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

## Changelog ##

### x.x.x ###

> * Fix: Post - Resolved issues where Post related blocks resposive tablet and mobile styles not working as intented.

Author: Done.

### x.x.x ###
* Fix: Container - Resolved an issue in which the link tag would not work as intended on the front-end.
* Fix: How To - Resolved an issue in which the minimum minutes setting would be unskippable.

> * Fix: Post Blocks - Resolved an issue in which the resposive styling would not work as intented in the editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Post Blocks - Resolved an issue in which the responsive styling would not work as intended in the editor.
```

Author: Done.
